One day, a teacher ran a design workshop for a group of children, guilding them to design something they like. One kid name James drew a glove and the teacher asked him what he was designing. James said he like hamburgers, so he want to have the superpower to turn a hamburger out of a open palm. The teacher asked him is this glove can turn a hamburger out of palm? James said "No, it's me, I can turn into a burger, not the glove". Then the teacher asked him what is the purpose of the glove? James said "when I don't want to eat a burger, I wear these gloves so I don't accidentally turn out a burger." We switch into a daydream where James has the superpower he has described. James is praised as a god for single handedly ending world hunger, as he constantly keeps his palms open to generate a number of hamburgers only limited by the energy required to keep his palm open. James knows that he has the ability to end the lives of thousands, but that that ability only lies in the vault he keeps under his bed. That vault contains a pair of white gloves, which will prevent the unlimited food from being generated from his hands. Does James consider that he could live a normal life with those gloves? Of course, but the constant debate that he suffers from is whether he should put them on and live a life free of burden, or provide life to thousands of people.

James sat in his room for days, debating the implications of his actions. Eventually, he decided that it was more important to be selfless and provide others with
food because they were suffering more than he was. The following day, he booked a meeting with the largest news outlet in the world, and when forced to explain the reason for his appointment, he simply stated, "I can end world hunger". He sat in the newsroom and with cameras pointed at him stated "I can end world hunger", which prompted many questions from viewers. He explained his statement, and when it became clear none of the interviewers understood him, he opened his palm, revealing a burger. Everyone was shocked; Twitter was the most active it had ever been, containing various theories, skeptics, and believers. When asked where he'd begin helping the impoverished, James simply smiled and stated, "Depends where the people would like me to go".
